Amish Saturday night Manish 239 people or feared dead after a jetliner pound for Beijing disappear as English family member
worthit2u of a pastor's were traveling with stolen passports deep into the mystery of the faith of Malaysia flight 370
cameras that catch drivers running red lights white mothers can't wait to install them
epic battle 2500 square of America spelling bee at last so long tonight 8 little letters and it all
NBC News world headquarters in New York
NBC Nightly News with Lester Holt
good evening in this house Sunday in Southeast Asia were in the light of a new day a massive multinational searches in full swing
Remo lesion jetliner did vanish not quite 36 hours ago with 239 people onboard including for Americans in Malaysia Airlines Boeing triple 7 was traveling from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing
what all contact with lost over open water
roughly halfway between Malaysia and the southern tip of Vietnam
B&C search now includes an American Navy warship the hunt for wreckage now centered on Fuel slicks
spot on the surface of the sea 104 cause tingling the possibility of foul play is not partly focused on 2 mystery passengers traveling on stolen passport there a lot of angles to cover here we begin with Tom Costello are Washington newsroom Tom what's the latest
Hollister Malaysia Airlines says this plane was last inspector just 10 days ago and it wasn't proper condition their words at this hour does naval units
countries are listening should be coming from the plains emergency transmitters in an area where the Vietnamese military believes in a pound an important clue
both Acosta Vietnam to the water may provide the best hope for finding Malaysia Airlines flight 370
the plane live Kuala Lumpur at 12:40 a.m. Saturday the red eye flight to Beijing with 239 passengers and crew on board among them
Philip would an IBM executive 11 to 2 hours into the flight at 35000 feet air traffic controllers lost contact with the planes
where over the Gulf of Thailand veteran crash investigation into a routine flight
whatever happened with catastrophic an incapacitated the airplane such that the crew couldn't get a mayday call of
the plains of Boeing triple 7 200 series nearly 12 years old middle age for planes in August 2012 what's the tip of a wing after clipping another plane on the ground in Shanghai the when was fixed but did that contribute to the accident
Captain John Cox
what are the early signs that he's already underway is thorough review of all the maintenance records of the airplane
if the airplane has sustained damage is it getting this is round incident that is something that certainly be investigators are going to look at
we do know the captain was experience does a Harley Ahmad Shah was 50 years old with 18
looking for buddy's to share the specimen
the first officer with 27 year old free comedy with 2800 hours of experience adding to the mystery to Europeans on a passenger manifest
safe and sound on the ground butta reported their passport stolen in Thailand 12 years ago USM Malaysian authorities are now looking at the who used a stolen passports to board a plane and what were they go up to
two people travel on falls passports when a plane disappears from radar really get people's attention as a check
the plane that sells has a very strong safety record the crash of Asiana 214 in San Francisco Lexol I was the triple sevens first brutal accident investigators believe that was pilot error
via media challenge now finding the wreckage of militia 370 in the waters of Vietnam
this is a really similar to the crash of Air France flight 447 which disappeared in the Atlantic in 2009 200 years to find the record at the bottom of the ocean
wall search teams will be looking for black boxes we here so much about their also going to be examined the size of the debris field if they find one if its why that was a just a plane broke up in flight condensed Takamine the plane remain intact until impact of the water or perhaps the ground
alright thanks and 2/3 of Arizona border missing plane are from China tonight in Beijing to strong families and friends of gather data hotel to wait for answers CNBC is there and joints with more units
is wearing thin about 36 hours after flight mh3 70 went missing 200 the family members and friends of the passengers have the holdup in the hotel behind knee
airline to set up a makeshift Crisis Center about 100 Airlines Stafford have arrived the family who are just waiting for any information about their loved ones in any gear feel that they been left in the dark in a demanding more frequent updates
from the airline of people are starting to lose hope they might not see their family members alive again
airline Authority at the rescue operation in the South China Sea is still on going to the USS battleship an aircraft 2
the area and China has also sent in naval vessel with the Sun rising the Air Mission which has a suspended over night has no resume as government and people continue to hope to find any signs of the missing plane
force in Beijing thank you
NBC News aviation expert and former airline pilot John Cox NBC News counterterrorism analyst Michael Leiter don't let me start with you we keep hearing about this possibility of catastrophic breakup is there anything short of an explosion of the plane coming apart
explain a sudden and complete loss of communications
what are there several possibilities erase something as simple as a major electrical problem could mean that the airplane could not transmit I couldn't be seen on radar so it's very early this stage to draw conclusions
the debris field could very well telephone what the size of the debris field and how it has interacted with the Wynns with a white or components papers and things for example in comparison to the heavier objects such as the landing gear or engines
Michael trouble getting my head wrapped in a post 911 world you can get on an airplane with a stolen passport 10 and 12 years ago but that's sad what kind of blonde bells has that started ringing at at intelligence agencies around the world
Lester definitely change towel intelligence organizations in the US and global look at this prior to the stolen passport issued this was a tragedy but folks mostly sad
probably something mechanical with the plane with this there's at least one element which make some very concerned they know that people were on that plane who shouldn't have been using this paper
what they don't know is what they were up to where they simply criminals were using stolen passport or were they on that plane to do something at various and that's where the intelligence community are dating now
John this was an overnight flight it's a pretty heavy traffic root down aja 35000 feet of the clear would you expect at another Cruyff seen some kind of a flash
Heather Bennett explosion
explosion would be debris that guy could be seen by potentially some long range radar there will be another reports of ships or
aircraft so I'm a I'm not convinced it all we got an implied explosion Here I think we're going to Warren Moore as the course of the day goes on and the the Ariel search begins to put together this debris field
John Cox Michael I want to turn out of the crisis in Ukraine new level today is Russia send even more troops in the Crimean Peninsula NBC's in Williamsville
Independence Square today demanding Russia leave Primea symbol Scorpius to be reinforced amount convoys on the move
hours of the Russian soldiers briefly seize control of the Ukrainian base that still blocking others
promiscuous Ortiz oral remaining Ukrainian soldiers in Crimea
surrender with mini reviews security monitors to be prevented from entering the peninsula
armed man farting warning shot into the air with automatic weapons in Russian speaking East Ukraine proboscis protest discounted jewelry to Russia the theories that Russia's staring up trouble to justify intervention in this region 2
who is here is very volatile there is a concern about and Benson kiss mean everybody would welcome in Moscow
old is hockey if it was plenty of fear and uncertainty Olga told me that everybody's worried but she said we should stick together in there should be no bloodshed
Alexander was playing angry extremist seizing control in Kiev what he told me independent country Russia now should stay away people in the East what Russian television which depicts Ukraine's revolution is a neo fascist cool
militant right wing groups are a minority what they do have seats in the new government vehicles that played in outside the barricades in Estill bear
the flowers hear a fresh but so the tires barricades been turned into a memorial
the fortifications ons going to be taken away anytime soon petrol bombs remain at the ready
leader of 14 write a militia told me its not over on the barricades few people appear to trust the interim government
told me ultimately we control the government anyway
the interim government has real challenges ahead is it calls for unity in the face of Russian aggression in Williams NBC News Kiev
President Obama made phone cost a day to remember of European leaders on the crisis in Ukraine NBC's Kristen Welker is traveling with the president in Florida were the first family is spending the weekend
tensions mountain in Ukraine the White House is taking
pantie show the president Obama is still engaged in the diplomatic efforts to get Russian forces to retreat to the bases in Crimea late this afternoon the White House release a photo of President Obama
who reached out to several of his town apart Silverstein among the prime minister of the UK as well as leaders of France Italy and the Baltic Lithuania Latvia
bob is trying to build a strong national television and depression Mr puja retreat Africa right now we're falling on deaf ears in Russia
White House official reiterated the president insisted that Russia allow international observer and human rights monitors into Crimea
no better an ambassador Dennis Ross is President Obama is playing the longest to get in Crimea with the ideas to build up another International Car Show to prevent you from going into other parts of Ukraine
today the president South Carolina mother accused of trying to kill her 3 children by driving them in the ocean in Daytona Beach Florida made her first court appearance
for Albany Wilkerson which set of 1.2 million dollars to use charge with 3 counts of attempted murder and child abuse
Saturdays in red light cam 4 are going up in some places
American spelling bee afternoon
InTown cities and states across America a debate is now raging over those cameras that snap a picture when you run a red light you then get a ticket in the mail usually when I have to find some places have decided to turn them off
others are buying more of them I report from NBC's Kristen Dahlgren
running a red light nobody argues it isn't dangerous
but there is now a huge to be about weather cameras to catch offenders
America's intersection
Brick Township New Jersey one of the first places to get the cameras BAM
mayor they werent making intersections safer crashes actually increase 400 brick is in a loan on Thursday St Petersburg Florida pull the plug on its cameras after 30 years did make physical cent
im Wednesday Ellisville Missouri voted to terminate contract after public outcry
critic city cameras are unconstitutional
create a driving hazard
people really tough spot between making a choice to prep student a rear end accident or force themselves to run at intersection and get a ticket
nationwide the number of communities using red light cameras down about 6 percent
2012 animal 24 states in Washington DC allow them nine states have banned
so we're coming after the first one right now St Louis police chief in his city has no no increasing crashes 500 violations a day
and then we have another Vilas nossa nossa
Dustin says without the cameras his force would be stretched to 10
it would take over 200 police officers to do with a camera doing today hair grease with the camera providers statistics Asians are working
more than 90 percent of the people that run red lights don't get another ticket they don't do it again
mix
I'm in a different Public Safety
is it sinful to God movie Graham
to the debate like these drivers is it likely to stop Kristen Dahlgren NBC News St Louis Missouri
Frankie mom and subordinate Indian jetliner is a real wheel car fire after landing in Nepal all 176 passers in 6 crew members on the flight from New Delhi right back NSYNC doors and are safe no injuries reported the cause of a fire is under investigation
coming up a war hero receives an altar long overdue
going home
you going to stay here and face the fellas
actress Sheila MacRae start on Broadway and in films what was best known for playing Alice Kramden opposite Jackie Gleason's Ralph in the 1960's recreation of The Honeymooners TV show her family confirm she died Thursday at 92 years old
and Carmen Berra has died she was the wife of New York Yankees Legend Yogi Berra Way just celebrating 65th wedding anniversary in January and their marriage was central to the Broadway play Bronx Bombers that just closed
band 3 sons 11 grandchildren had a great grandson Carmen Berra was 85 years old
rimtyme in 89 year old World War 2 veteran state New York finally received the Medal he deserved today Richard Faulkner was awarded the Purple Heart 70 years
battle he was a lone survivor when is b17 bomber collide in midair with another allied plane that crashed in Nazi occupied France
after 29 days behind enemy lines who made it to safety Amazon offer the Purple Heart buddy the client at that time aqua and receiving an award with others have died now it says he wants his grandchildren have something to remember is military service
endless reminder to spring forward make sure you turn your clocks ahead 1 hour before you go to bed tonight daylight saving time officially begins at 2 a.m. Steelhead
spell of a champion finely ground
finally tonight it lasted 2 weeks and took nearly a hundred rounds but we finally have a winner it all went down at a regional spelling bee in Kansas City winter goes into the National Spelling Bee Iron much has the final showdown
did Kansas City Missouri it took 95 rounds and 261 words to finally spell WI nner
bi County Spelling Bee
down between 5th grader Sofia Hoffman and 7th grader Kush Sharma battle back and forth word for word 26 letters or only weapons
the duel started 2 weeks ago 166 round and had to be postponed because officials ran out of approved words to challenge the pumping cost to Justin Boots to nationals